{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25240\viewh16440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs60 \cf0 Visualizing Asian America \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\fs28 \cf0 \
Topic
\f2\b0 : Visualizing cultural migration and the rising influence of Asian culture on the US.\
 \

\f1\b Research Question
\f2\b0 : How are fast-growing information and trade flows with Asian nations and Asian-American immigration reshaping the nation's future? \
\

\f1\b Significance
\f2\b0 :To enable content creators and policymakers to develop approaches that respond to changing public tastes and trade and demographic patterns. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 First task: 
\f2\b0 Narrow focus to a meaningful range and realistically source-able data. \
\

\f1\b Goal: 
\f2\b0 Develop techniques for quantifying and visualizing cultural trends. 
\fs28 \

\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \
Themes
\fs20 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Language
\f2\b0 : How are Asian loanwords and concepts entering the English language?
\fs20 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	
\f1\b Data sources
\f2\b0 : Google Trends, NY Times API, social media, dictionaries.\
		
\f1\b Visualizations
\f2\b0 : Line charts of cultural keyword search frequencies, timeline or heatmap 			of Asian loanwords entering English dictionaries with changing semantics. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 			
\f1\b Reference: 
\f3\i\b0 Japanese Loanwords in the Oxford English Dictionary and in the 				English version of K\'e6mpfer?s the History of Japan
\f2\i0  (Schun Doi) 
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \

\f1\b\fs22 Food:
\f2\b0  How is Asian cuisine reshaping the culinary habits of Americans?
\fs20 \
	
\f1\b Data sources
\f2\b0 : Google Trends, NY Times API, social media, Yelp API. \
	
\f1\b Visualizations
\f2\b0 : Line charts and/or choropleth map of expanding Asian restaurants across the 		US. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 		
\f1\i0\b Reference:
\f2\b0  
\f3\i Chinese Restaurants Are Closing. That?s a Good Thing, the Owners Say 			(NYT). \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf0 \

\f1\b\fs22 Lifestyle
\f2\b0 : How are Asian trends like yoga and Korean beauty influencing American lives? 
\fs20 \
	
\f1\b Data sources:
\f2\b0  Google Trends, NY Times API, social media, YouTube, Yelp API, yoga trade data. \
		
\f1\b Visualizations:
\f2\b0  Line charts of lifestyle keyword search frequencies, and/or data showing 			business expansion. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 			
\f1\i0\b Reference:
\f3\i\b0 Yoga Statistics: Staggering Growth Shows Ever-increasing Popularity 			(TheGood Body) 
\f2\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs22 \cf0 Arts and entertainment
\f2\b0 : How is the rising prominence of Asian music, art, film, digital culture and literature molding American tastes? 
\fs20 \
	
\f1\b Data sources:
\f2\b0  Google Trends, NY Times API, social media, YouTube, entertainment business 		data sources, Wikipedia, awards, art auction prices. \
		
\f1\b Visualizations
\f2\b0 : Heat map matrix encoding Asian representation in major American 			culture 	awards (Oscars, etc.), line or bubble chart of Asian art prices. \

\f1\b 			Reference:
\f3\i\b0 The Future Is Asian 
\f2\i0 (Parag Khanna)
\f3\i , Japanamerica 
\f2\i0 (Keltz)
\f3\i , List of 				Asian Academy Award winners and nominees (Wikipedia) 
\f2\i0 \
\

\f1\b\fs22 Tourism
\f2\b0 : How are rapidly increasing East-West tourism flows shaping economies and perceptions?
\fs20 \
	
\f1\b Data sources:
\f2\b0  Government and tourism industry trade publications.\
		
\f1\b Visualizations
\f2\b0 : Sankey diagram representing tourism flows between Asia and the US. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 			
\f1\i0\b Reference: 
\f3\i\b0 Market Profile, US Travelers to Asia 
\f2\i0 (National Travel and 					Tourism Office) \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li711\fi-712\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs22 \cf0 Demographics
\f2\b0 : How is the fast-growing Asian American population shaping culture? 
\fs20 \
	
\f1\b Data sources
\f2\b0 : US Census, IPUMS\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		
\f1\b Visualization potential
\f2\b0 : Choropleth encoding Asian communities across the US with 			filter for countries of origin.\

\f1\b  			Reference:
\f3\i\b0  Key facts about Asian Americans, a diverse and growing population
\f1\i0\b  				
\f2\b0 (Pew)
\f1\b  
\f2\b0 \
\

\f1\b \
\
 
\f4\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb1\partightenfactor0

\fs19 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li111\sl-180\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf0 \dn4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \up0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb9\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf0 \
}